Chore update readme (#395)
golemfactory/concent-deployment: README.md

    --user       $user
```

### Creating the cluster

> The playbook need to be run from a machine that is authorized to run `gcloud` commands on the Google Cloud project and has appropriate privileges for creating and deleting clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The playbook needs to be executed from a machine that is authorized to run `gcloud` commands on the Google Cloud project and has appropriate privileges for creating and deleting clusters.
```

> To perform this step you need to have a configuration of the specific clusters environment (`concent-deployment-values/var-<cluster>.yml`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To perform this step you need to have a configuration file for the specific clusters environment that cluster will represent (`concent-deployment-values/var-<cluster>.yml`).
The configuration files are stored in the [concent-deployment-values](https://github.com/golemfactory/concent-deployment-values/) repository.
```

The `$cluster` and `$concent_version` shell variables are explained below.

``` bash
cd concent-deployment-values/cloud/

> ansible-playbook create-cluster-instance.yml                           \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ansible-playbook create-cluster-instance.yml \
```

    This will run the `configure.yml` playbook for you.

### Creating `concent-deployment-server` machine

> This step creates the `concent-deployment-server` machine meant to be used for deployment to `mainnet`, `testnet`, `staging` clusters environment and configuration machines, disks etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step creates the `concent-deployment-server` machine meant to be used for deployment to `mainnet`, `testnet`, `staging` clusters, configuring machines, creating disks, etc.
```

> The playbook need to be run from a machine that is authorized to run `gcloud` commands on the Google Cloud project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The playbook needs to be executed from a machine that is authorized to run `gcloud` commands on the Google Cloud project.
```

This machine comes in two flavors: `ethnode-testnet` and `ethnode-mainnet`.
If you're running both test clusters and a production cluster, you need both.

> The playbooks need to be run from `concent-deployment-server` machine that is authorized to run `gcloud` commands on the Google Cloud project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The playbooks needs to be executed from `concent-deployment-server` machine that is authorized to run `gcloud` commands on the Google Cloud project.
```

This assumes that:
- The service can connect to a Concent cluster at `concent.golem.network:9055`.
- `85cZzVjahnRpUBwm0zlNnqTdYom1LF1P1WNShLg17cmhN2Us` is Concent's public key encoded in base64.

> - There's a shell variable called `ETHEREUM_RPIVATE_KEY` and it contains base64-encoded private key of the Concent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There's a shell variable called `ETHEREUM_PRIVATE_KEY` and it contains base64-encoded private key of the Ethereum account authorized to move funds owned by the deposit contract.
```
